CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to the Git Push Freshman project

Many thanks for your interest in contributing to the Git Push Freshman pproject!

This is the web presence for Mozilla's Open Leadership Training(OLT) for the
<a href="https://ottagit.github.io/git_push_freshman/">Git Push Freshman</a> project.

Presented in this document is a set of guidelines to help you out in your contribution
to this project, making it easy for you to get involved.

## Participation guidelines

This project adheres to a <a href="https://github.com/ottagit/git_push_freshman/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md">code of 
conduct</a> to be upheld for a perpetual positive environment.

## How to submit changes

Identify your area of interest in which you are willing to cintribute to the project, then follow the following steps
in making your chages to the project repository.

<ol>
  <li><a href="https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/">Fork</a> <b>this repository</b> to make your own copy of
  this project wich you can use and edit.</li>
  <li><a href="https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/#making-changes">Make your changes</a> either on the 
  GitHub interface or your local machine.</li>
  <li>Submit a <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/">pull request</a> around your project
  notifying your project lead on your proposed chages.</li>
</ol>

For those new to contributing to open source projects, check out this 
guide <a href="https://akrabat.com/the-beginners-guide-to-contributing-to-a-github-project/">contributing to open source
projects on GitHub
</a>

## Maintainers

This repository is currently maintained by <a href="https://github.com/ottagit">@ottagit</a>

## Reporting bugs

In case you notice a mistake, feel free to file any bugs, requests or questions in our 
<a href="https://github.com/ottagit/git_push_freshman/issues">issue tracker</a>

Commit message:

Add link to the open curriculum

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to the Git Push Freshman project

Many thanks for your interest in contributing to the Git Push Freshman pproject!

This is the web presence for Mozilla's Open Leadership Training(OLT) for the
<a href="https://ottagit.github.io/git_push_freshman/">Git Push Freshman</a> project.

Presented in this document is a set of guidelines to help you out in your contribution
to this project, making it easy for you to get involved.

## Participation guidelines

This project adheres to a <a href="https://github.com/ottagit/git_push_freshman/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md">code of 
conduct</a> to be upheld for a perpetual positive environment.

## Open Curriculum

Feel free to <b><a href="https://www.gitbook.com/book/ottagit/git-push-freshman-open-curriculum/details"> remix the
git push freshman curriculum </a></b>

## How to submit changes

Identify your area of interest in which you are willing to cintribute to the project, then follow the following steps
in making your chages to the project repository.

<ol>
  <li><a href="https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/">Fork</a> <b>this repository</b> to make your own copy of
  this project wich you can use and edit.</li>
  <li><a href="https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/#making-changes">Make your changes</a> either on the 
  GitHub interface or your local machine.</li>
  <li>Submit a <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/">pull request</a> around your project
  notifying your project lead on your proposed chages.</li>
</ol>

For those new to contributing to open source projects, check out this 
guide <a href="https://akrabat.com/the-beginners-guide-to-contributing-to-a-github-project/">contributing to open source
projects on GitHub
</a>

## Maintainers

This repository is currently maintained by <a href="https://github.com/ottagit">@ottagit</a>

## Reporting bugs

In case you notice a mistake, feel free to file any bugs, requests or questions in our 
<a href="https://github.com/ottagit/git_push_freshman/issues">issue tracker</a>
